# ReadingMaterials
此为《个性化语音合成于减轻老年人孤独感研究与系统实现》的项目阅读材料。

Aimed at alleviating loneliness of the elderly, we are developing an application mainly about speech
synthesis to provide all-ware health care. 

It was a milestone for us to have accomplished the traditional development of application and done
a thorough survey of speech recognition. We are now aimed at training a robust and considerate
model, which can both involved with STT (speech to text) and TTS(text to speech).

Next, I will give a basic introduction to the workflow of our baby product (the target users of our
product are the old). The preliminary is that we record the phoneme information of the person
(denoted as X), which is very familiar very the target user (denoted as Y). Then we use GAN to
training our model with limited phoneme information from X, always the son or daughter of our
target. Y can communicate with our app by directly speak to it, especially aimed at dealing with
daily affairs such as the weather or the diner schedule. The greatest contribution about our app is
that can give response to Y by X’s voice, which may comfort Y a lot. Meanwhile, we are using
recommender system to give personalized suggestion including budgets and so on. What’s more,
we will analyze all the data generated by the communication and providing a health report to X.

Attempting to combine recommender system, personalized speech synthesis and compressed neural
network on mobile devices is still a topic to be further research. We are lucky to see that a lot of
related examples: WaveNet workflow from Google, Lyrebird – aimed at real-time phonetic imitation,state-of-the-art neural network compressing methods such as MobileNet and ShuffleNet. We’ve designed a novel pipeline of personalized speech synthesis used on our project.
